hey youtube so this is going to be a
review on sun lapse self tanner in ultra
dark so as you can see i applied it this
this is actually one of my favorite self
tanners it looks like nasty or whatever
but yeah this is my favorite self tanner
and um this stuff gets me the darkest
probably up all the self-tanners this
one and the victoria's secret one which
is like 2 420 that one's really good it
comes in like one color and if you guys
haven't noticed I'm all natural and my
skin is like really bad i'm breaking out
like terribly and i don't know what to
do about this like this this over here
yeah so and there's nothing wrong
wearing no makeup if you know what I'm
saying so yeah so yeah this is some labs
from bed bath and beyond you can get it
from harm and discount drug I've gotten
it from harm and discount drug but I'll
live near there anymore so um check out
bed bath and beyond its part of Harmon
and if you get the twenty percent off
coupon you save like three dollars this
is a big bigger bottle of 1699 as you
can see it's like nasty now all you have
to be aware of this stuff because when
it goes on your hands it's so scary like
it gets so dark in your hands but I'm
the type of person like i'll use the
darkest self tanner to get where I need
to be like I've tried probably all the
self-tanners Hawaiian truck why entropic
I think um clarins clinique lore'l you
should Gina I like stuff is crap like
seriously you guys need to step it up
and get the Sun left so this is like AB
you for my tan and this is my second
application so I don't know see ya it
gets really blotchy say if you think my
skin looks a little wachee it's because
of this then you have
I suggest you use this tonight before
and then you wash it off because if not
you're going to look extremely blotchy
with makeup because in that read it and
this does not have a weird after smell
it's like has it's a rosy smell to it so
um all in all it's my favorite
self-tanner I achieved okay well I'm
like really blotchy cuz I'll just put it
on but when you wash it off in the
morning you're super super tramp so if
anybody wants to know my opinion on self
tanners sun labs in this is dark hair
and ultra dark up here and victoria's
secret self tanner so thanks everyone
for watching please rate comment
subscribe and if you do not have any
based off that like it sends for
sensitive skin so i can get rid of this
acne going on here please post blue
thanks everyone for watching